Don't forget, don't be angry,
What a request, come, come,
Come, come, come. Master Zhang?
If I remember correctly,
Is this meal worth it?
For example, what happens after graduation?
Have you all left the table?
Master Zhang, it’s not enough for this meal, right?
But in the boys’ project, one word is not enough for us to tell the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth
The truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth, the truth
Tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth.
Tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth